Puns -- real groaners!

	A group of chess enthusiasts had checked into a hotel, and were standing in the lobby discussing their recent tournament victories.  After about an hour, the manager came out of the office and asked them to disperse.  "But why?", they asked, as they moved off.  "Because," he said, "I can't stand chess nuts boasting in an open foyer."

	A hungry African lion was roaming through the jungle looking for something to eat.  He came across two men.  One was sitting under a tree and reading a book; the other was typing away on his typewriter.  The lion quickly pounced on the man reading the book and devoured him.  Even the king of the jungle knows readers digest and writers cramp.

	There was a man who entered a local paper's pun contest.  He sent in ten different puns, in the hope that at least one of the puns would win. Unfortunately, no pun in ten did.

	A guy goes to a psychiatrist.  "Doc, I keep having these alternating recurring dreams.  First I'm a teepee; then I'm a wigwam; then I'm a teepee; then I'm a wigwam.  It's driving me crazy.  What's wrong with me?"  The doctor replies:  "It's very simple.  You're two tents."

	A man went to his dentist because he feels something wrong in his mouth. The dentist examines him and says, "that new upper plate I put in for you six months ago is eroding.  What have you been eating?"  The man replies, "all I can think of is that about four months ago my wife made some asparagus and put some stuff on it that was delicious ... Hollandaise sauce.  I loved it so much I now put it on everything --- meat, toast, fish, vegetables, everything."  "Well," says the dentist, "that's probably the problem.  Hollandaise sauce is made with lots of lemon juice, which is highly corrosive. It's eaten away your upper plate.  I'll make you a new plate, and this time use chrome."  "Why chrome?" asks the patient.  To which the dentist replies, "It's simple.  Everyone knows that there's no plate like chrome for the Hollandaise!"

	An Indian chief had three wives, each of whom was pregnant.  The first gave birth to a boy.  The chief was so elated he built her a teepee made of deer hide.  A few days later, the second gave birth, also to a boy. The chief was very happy.  He built her a teepee made of antelope hide. The third wife gave birth a few days later, but the chief kept the details a secret. He built this one a two story teepee, made out of a hippopotamus hide. He challenged the tribe to guess what had occurred. Many tried, unsuccessfully. Finally, one young brave declared that the third wife had given birth to twin boys.  "Correct," said the chief.  "How did you figure it out?"  The warrior answered, "It's elementary.  The value of the squaw of the hippopotamus is equal to the sons of the squaws of the other two hides."