The Lord is my strength and song; he has become my salvation. He is my God, and I will praise him, my father's God, and I will exalt him. Exodus 15:2 (NIV)

Love the Lord your God with all your heart and with all your soul and with all your strength. Deuteronomy 6:5 (NIV)

"The Lord himself goes before you and will be with you; he will never leave you nor forsake you. Do not be afraid; do not be discouraged." Moses to Joshua. Deuteronomy 31:8. (NIV)

"But if serving the Lord seems undesirable to you, then choose for yourselves this day whom you will serve...But as for me and my household, we will serve the Lord." Joshua 24:14 (NIV)

The Lord is with me; I will not be afraid. What can man do to me? Pslam 118:6 (NIV)

It is better to take refuge in the Lord than to trust in man. Pslam 118:8 (NIV)

...[The Lord] gives grace to the humble. Proverbs 3:34 (NIV)

"...Fear God and keep his commandments, for this is the whole duty of man. For God will bring every deed into judgment, including every hidden thing, whether it is good or evil." Ecclesiastes 12:13-14 (NIV)

"For I know the plans I have for you," declares the Lord, "plans to proper you and not to harm you, plans to give you hope and a future. Then you will call upon me and come and pray to me, and I will listen to you." Jeremiah 29:11-12. (NIV)

..."I will put my law in their minds and write it on their hearts. I will be their God, and they will be my people.
No longer will a man teach his neighbor, or a man his brother, saying, "Know the Lord,' because they will all know me, from the least of them to the greatest," declares the Lord. "For I will forgive their wickedness and will remember their sins no more." Jeremiah 31:33-34. (NIV)

Let your light shine before men, that they may see your good deeds and praise your Father in heaven. Matthew 5:16 (NIV)

Do not worry about tomorrow, for tomorrow will worry about itself. Each day has enough trouble of its own. Matthew 6:34 (NIV)

"Come to me, all you who are weary and burdened, and I will give you rest. Take my yoke upon you and learn from me, for I am gentle and humble in heart, and you will find rest for your souls. For my yoke is easy and my burden is light." Matthew 11:28-30 (NIV)

The Son of Man will send out his angels, and they will weed out of his kingdom everything that causes sin and all who do evil. They will throw them into the fiery furnace, where there will be weeping and grinding of teeth. Then the righteous will shine like the sun in the kingdom of their Father… Matthew 13:41-43 (NIV)

"Therefore go and make disciples of all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father and of the Son and the Holy Spirit, and teaching them to obey everything I have commanded you. And surely I will be with you always, to the very end of the age." Matthew 28:19-20 (NIV)

"Have faith in God," Jesus answered. "Therefore I tell you, whatever you ask for in prayer, believe that you will receive it, and it will be yours." Mark 11:22, 24 (NIV)

And Mary said: "My soul praises the Lord and my spirit rejoices in God my Saviour, for he has been mindful of the humble state of his servant. Luke 1:46-48 (NIV)

Jesus answered, "It is written: Worship the Lord your God and serve him only." Luke 4:8 (NIV)

But love your enemies, do good to them, and lend to them without expecting to get anything back. Then your reward will be great, and you will be sons of the Most High, because he is king to the ungrateful and wicked. Be merciful, just as your Father is merciful. Luke 6: 35-36 (NIV)

"Your eye is the lamp of your body. When you eyes are good, your whole body is also full of light. But when they are bad, your body is also full of darkness." Luke 11:34

"When you are brought before synagogues, rulers and authorities, do not worry about how you will defend yourselves or what you will say, for the Holy Spirit will teach you at that time what you should say." Luke 12:11-12 (NIV)

In the beginning was the Word and the Word was with God, and the Word was God. He was with God in the beginning. Through him all things were made; without him nothing was made that had been made. In him was life, and that life was the light of men. The light shines in the darkness, but the darkness has not understood it. John 1:1-5 (NIV)

"For God so loved the world that he gave his one and only Son, that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have everlasting life." John 3:16 (NIV)

Therefore Jesus said again, "I tell you the truth, I am the gate for the sheep. Whoever enters through me will be saved. He will come in and out, and find pasture." John 10:7, 9 (NIV)

Then Jesus cried out, "When a man believes in me, he does not believe in me only, but in the one who sent me. I have come into the world as light, so that no one who believes in me should stay in darkness." John 12:44, 46

Jesus said, "I am the way and the truth and the life. No one comes to the Father except through me." John 14:6 (NIV)

[Jesus speaking] "Remain in me, and I will remain in you. No branch can bear fruit by itself; it must remain in the vine. Neither can you bear fruit unless you remain in me." John 15:4 (NIV)

The sun will be turned to darkness and the moon become as blood before the coming of the great and glorious day of the Lord. Acts 2:20 (NIV)

Peter replied, "Repent and be baptized, every one of you, in the name of Jesus Christ so that your sins may be forgiven. And you will receive the gift of the Holy Spirit." Acts 2:38 (NIV)

...[Peter pleaded], "Save yourselves from this corrupt generation." Acts 2:40 (NIV)

"Repent, then, and turn to God, so that your sins may be wiped out, that times of refreshing may come from the Lord, and that he may send the Christ, who has been appointed for you-even Jesus." (Peter speaking) Acts 3:19-20 (NIV)

I am not ashamed of the Gospel, because it is the power of God for the salvation of everyone who believes...For in the righteousness from God is revealed, a righteousness that is by faith from first to last, just as it is written: "The righteousness will live by faith." Romans 1:16-17 (NIV)

To those who by persistence in doing good seek glory, honour and immortality, he will give eternal life. Romans 2:7 (NIV)

But now a righteousness from God, apart from law, has been made known...This righteousness from God comes through faith in Jesus Christ to all who believe. There is no difference, for all have sinned and fall short of the glory of God, and are justified freely by his grace through the redemption that came by Christ Jesus. God presented him as a sacrifice of atonement, through faith in his blood... Romans 3:21-25 (NIV)

[Jesus] was delivered over to death for our sins and was raised to life for our justifications. Romans 4:25 (NIV)

Therefore, since we have been justified through faith, we have peace with God through our Lord Jesus Christ, through whom we have gained access by faith into this grace in which we now stand. And we rejoice in the hope of the glory of God. Not only so, be we also rejoice in our sufferings, because we know that suffering produces perseverance; perseverance, character; and character, hope. And hope does not disappoint us, because God has poured out his love into our hearts by the Holy Spirit, whom he has given us. Romans 5:1-5 (NIV)

...God demonstrates his own love for us in this: While we were still sinners, Christ died for us. Romans 5:8 (NIV)

...Count yourselves dead to sin but alive to God in Christ Jesus. Romans 6:11 (NIV)

Now if I do what I do not want to do, it is no longer I who do it but it is sin living in me that does it. Romans 7:20 (NIV)

...You do not support the root but the root supports you. Romans 11:18 (NIV)

Do not conform any longer to the pattern of this world but be transformed by the renewing of your mind. Then you will be able to test and approve what God's will is-his good, pleasing and perfect will. Romans 12:2 (NIV)

We have different gifts, according to the grace given us. Romans 12:6 (NIV)

May the God who gives endurance and encouragement give you a spirit of unity among yourselves as you follow Christ Jesus ,so that with one heart and mouth you may glorify the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ. Romans 15:5-6 (NIV)

May the God of hope fill you with great joy and peace as you trust in him, so that you may overflow with hope by the power of the Holy Spirit. Romans 15:13 (NIV)

...God's abundant provision of grace and of the gift of righteousness reign in life through the one man, Jesus Christ. Romans 5:17 (NIV)

The mind of sinful man is death, but the mind controlled by the Spirit is life and peace, because the sinful mind is hostile to God. It does not submit to God's law, nor can it do so. Those controlled by their sinful nature cannot please God. Romans 8:6-8 (NIV)

Be joyful in hope, patient in affliction, faithful in prayer. Romans 12:12 (NIV)

..."No eyes have seen,
no ear has heard,
no mind had conceived what God had prepared for those who love him"-

but God had revealed it to us by his Spirit. The spirit searches all things, even the deep things of God. For who among men knows the thoughts of a man except the man's spirit within him? In the same way no one knows the thoughts of God except the Spirit of God. 1 Corinthians 2:9-11 (NIV)

We have not received the spirit of the world but the Spirit who is from God, that we may understand what God has freely given to us. This is what we speak, not in words taught us by human wisdom but in words taught by the Spirit, expressing spiritual truths in spiritual words. 1 Corinthians 2:12-14 (NIV)

My conscience is clear, but that does not make me innocent. It is the Lord who judges me. Therefore, judge nothing before the appointed time; wait till the Lord comes. He will bring to light what is hidden in darkness and will expose the motives of men's hearts. At that time each will receive his praise from God. 1 Corinthians 4:4-5 (NIV)

"Flee from sexual immortality. All other sins a man commits are outside his body, but he who sins sexually sins against his own body. Do you not know that your body is a temple of the Holy Spirit, who is in you, whom you have received from God? You are not your own; you were bought at a price. Therefore honour God with your body." 1 Corinthians 6:18-20 (NIV)

No temptation has seized you except what is common to man. And God is faithful; he will not let you be tempted beyond what you can bear. But when you are tempted, he will also provide a way out so that you can stand up under it. 1 Corinthians 10:13 (NIV)

Love is patient, love is kind. Is does not envy, it does not boast, it is not proud. It is not rude, it is not self-seeking, it is not easily angered, it keeps no record of wrongs. Love does not delight in evil but rejoices in the truth. [Love] always protects, always trusts, always hopes, always preserves. 1 Corinthians 13: 4-7 (NIV)

Praise be to the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, the Father of compassion and the God of all comfort, who comforts us in all our troubles, so that we can comfort those in trouble with the comfort we ourselves have received from God. For just as the sufferings of Christ flow over into our lives, so also through Christ our comfort overflows. 2 Corinthians 1:3-5 (NIV)

Now the Lord is the Spirit, and where the Spirit of the Lord it, there is freedom. 2 Corinthians 3:17 (NIV)

For God who said, "Let light shine out of darkness," made his light shine in our hearts to give us the light of knowledge of the glory of God in the face of Christ. 2 Corinthians 4:6 (NIV)

...Let us purify ourselves from everything that contaminates body and spirit...2 Corinthians 7:1 (NIV)

But the Scripture declares that the whole world is a prisoner of sin, so that what was promised, being given through faith in Jesus Christ, might be given to those who believe.
Before this faith came, we were held prisoners by the law, locked up until faith should be revealed. So the law was put in charge to lead us to Christ that we might be justified by faith. Now that faith has come, we are no longer under the supervision of the law. Galatians 4:22-25 (NIV)

...Live by the spirit and you will not gratify the desires of your sinful nature. Galatians 5:16 (NIV)

...The fruit of the Spirit is love, joy, peace, patience, kindness, goodness, faithfulness, gentleness and self-control. Galatians 5:22-23 (NIV)

In him we have redemption through his blood, the forgiveness of sins, in accordance with the riches of God's grace that he lavished on us with all wisdom and understanding. Ephesians 1:7-8 (NIV)

In him we were also chosen, having been predestined according to the plan of him who works out everything in conformity with the purpose of his will. Ephesians 1:11 (NIV)

For it is by grace you have been saved, through faith-and this is not from yourselves, it is the gift of God-not by works, so that no one can boast. For we are God's workmanship, created in Christ Jesus to do good works, which God prepared in advance for us to do. Ephesians 2:8-10 (NIV)

...Live a life worthy of the calling you have received. Be completely humble and gentle; be patient, bearing with one another in love. Make every effort to keep the unity of the Spirit through the bond of peace. There is one body and one Spirit-one Lord, one faith, one baptism; one God and Father of all, who is over all and through all and in all. Ephesians 4:1-6 (NIV)

You were taught, with regard to your former way of life, to put off your old self, which is being corrupted by its deceitful desires; to be made in the attitude of your minds; and to put on the new self, created to be like God in true righteousness and holiness. Ephesians 4:22-24 (NIV)

Do nothing out of selfish ambition or vain conceit, but in humility consider others better than yourselves. Each of you should look not only to your own interests, but also the interests of others. Philippians 2:3-4 (NIV)

We always thank the God, the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, when we pray for you, because we have heard of your faith in Christ Jesus and of the love you have for all the saints. Colossians 1:3-4 (NIV)

...All over the world this gospel is producing fruit and growing, just as it has been doing among you since the day your heard it and understood God's grace in all its truths. Colossians 1:6 (NIV)

...We have not stopped praying for you and asking God to fill you with the knowledge of his will through all spiritual wisdom and understanding. And we pray this in order that you may live a life worthy of the Lord: ...being strengthened with all the power according to his glorious might... Colossians 1:9-11 (NIV)

So then, just as you received Christ Jesus as Lord, continue to live in him, rooted and built up in him, strengthened in the faith as you were taught, and overflowing with thankfulness. Colossians 2:6-7 (NIV)

Set your mind on things above, not on earthly things. Colossians 3:2 (NIV)

Let the word of Christ dwell in you richly as you teach and counsel one another with all wisdom...And whatever you do, whether in word or deed, do it all in the name of the Lord Jesus, giving thanks to God the Father through him. Colossians 3:16-17 (NIV)

You are witnesses, and so is God, of how holy righteous and blameless we were among you who believed. For you know that we dealt with each of you as a father deals with his own children, encouraging, comforting and urging you to live lives worthy of God, who calls you into his kingdom and glory. 1 Thessalonians 2:10-12 (NIV)

May our Lord Jesus Christ himself and God our Father, who loved us and by his grace gave us eternal encouragement and good hope, encourage and strengthen you in every good deed and word. 2 Thessalonians 2:16-17 (NIV)

And pray that we may be delivered from the wicked and evil men, for not everyone has faith. But the Lord is faithful, and he will strengthen and protect you from the evil one. 2 Thessalonians 3:2-3 (NIV)

May the Lord direct your hearts into God's love and Christ's perseverance. 2 Thessalonians 3:5 (NIV)

The grace of our Lord was poured out on me abundantly, along with the faith and love that are in Christ Jesus. 1 Timothy 1:14 (NIV)

For there is one God and one mediator between God and men, the man Christ Jesus. 1 Timothy 2:5 (NIV)

Don't let anyone look down on you because you are young, but set an example for the believers in speech, in life, in love, in faith and in purity. Until I come, devote yourself to the public reading of Scripture, to preaching and to teaching. Watch your life and doctrine closely. Persevere in them, because if you do, you will save both yourself and your hearers. 1 Timothy 4:12-13, 16 (NIV)

Here is a trustworthy saying:

If we died with him,
we will also live with him;
if we endure,
we will also reign with him.
If we disown him,
he will also disown us;
if we are faithless,
he will remain faithful,
for he cannot disown himself. 2 Timothy 2:11-13 (NIV)

Flee the evil desires of youth, and pursue righteousness, faith, love and peace, along with those who call on the Lord out of a pure heart. 2 Timothy 2:22

The Lord will rescue me from every evil attack and will bring me safely to his heavenly kingdom. 2 Timothy 4:18

For God did not give us a spirit of timidity, but a spirit of power, of love and of self-discipline. 2 Timothy 1:7 (NIV)

For the grace of God that brings salvation has appeared to all men. It teaches us to say "No" to ungodliness and worldly passions, and to live self-controlled, upright and godly lives in this present age. Titus 2:11-12 (NIV)

But when the kindness and love...our Saviour appeared, he saved us, not because of righteous things we had done, but because of his mercy. He saved us through the washing of rebirth and the renewal by the Holy Spirit, so that, having been justified by his grace, we might become heirs having the hope of eternal life. Titus 3:4-5, 7 (NIV)

I pray that you may be active in sharing your faith, so that you will have a full understanding of every good thing we have in Christ. Philemon 1:6 (NIV)

The word of God is living and active. Sharper than any double-edged sword, it penetrates even to dividing soul and spirit… Hebrews 4:12 (NIV)

Nothing in all creation is hidden from God's sight. Everything is uncovered and laid bare before the eyes of him to whom we must give account. Hebrews 4:13 (NIV)

You need to persevere so that when you have done the will of God, you will receive what he has promised. For just in a very little while, "He who is coming will come and will not be late. But my righteous one will live by faith. And if he shrinks back, I will not be pleased with him." Hebrews 10:36-38 (NIV)

See to it that no one misses the grace of God… Hebrews 12:15 (NIV)

Consider it pure joy…whenever you face trials of many kinds, because you know that the testing of your faith develops perseverance. James 1:2-3 (NIV)

Humble yourselves before the Lord, and he will lift you up. James 4:10 (NIV)

…If you suffer as a Christian, do not be ashamed but praise God that you bear that name. 1 Peter 4:16 (NIV)

Cast all your anxiety on [Jesus] because he cares for you. 1 Peter 5:7 (NIV)

…[The Lord] is patient with you, not wanting anyone to perish but everyone to come to repentance. 2 Peter 3:9 (NIV)

…Everyone born of God has overcome the world…1 John 5:4 (NIV)

…Build yourselves up in your most holy faith and pray in the Holy Spirit. Keep yourselves in God's love as you wait for the mercy of our Lord Jesus Christ. Jude 20-21 (NIV) 









They that wait upon the LORD shall renew their strength; they shall mount up with wings as eagles; they shall run, and not be weary; they shall walk and not faint.
Isaiah 40:31

Thou shalt raise up the foundations of many generations, and thou shalt be called, the repairer of the breach, the restorer of paths to dwell in.
Isaiah 58:12

Through patience a ruler can be persuaded, and a gentle tongue can break a bone.
Proverbs 25:15

To have faith is to be sure of the things we hope for, to be certain of the things we cannot see. It was by their faith that people of ancient times won God's approval.
Hebrews 11:1-2

Two are better than one because they have a good reward for their labor. For if they fall, one will lift up his companion. But woe to him who is alone when he falls, for he has no one to help lift him up.
Ecclesiastes 4:9-10

What therefore God hath joined together, let not man put asunder.
Matthew 19:6

Where there is no vision, the people perish.
Proverbs 29:18

Wherefore putting away lying, speak every man truth with his neighbour: for we are members one of another.
Ephesians 4:25 

The law of Thy mouth is better to me than thousands of gold and silver pieces. [Psalm 119:72]

For God is not the author of confusion, but of peace.. I Corinthians 14:33

Let not the sun go down upon your wrath. - Ephesian 4:26

Consider the lilies of the field, how they grow; they toil not, neither do they spin: And yet I say to you, that even Solomon, in all his glory, was not arrayed like one of these. - Matthew 6:28,39

In time of trouble . . . He shall set me upon a rock. - Psalms 27:5

Cast your bread upon the waters, for you will find it after many days. - Ecclesiastes 2:26

Happy is the man who finds wisdom and understanding for the gain from it is better than gain from silver and profit better than	- Proverbs 3:13,14

Seek peace, and pursue it. - Psalms 34:14

The earth is full of the goodness of the Lord. - Psalms 33:5

And be kind one to another, tenderhearted, forgiving one another. - Ephesians 4:32

I am with you and will watch over you wherever you go, and I will bring you back to this land. I will not leave you until I have done what I have promised you. - Genesis 28:15

Who refreshes others will be refreshed.	-Proverbs 11:25

Your Father knoweth what things you have need of before you ask Him. - Matthew 6:8

Now abide, faith, hope, love, these three, but the greatest of these is Love.  - I Corinthians 13:13 

In all thy ways acknowledge Him and He will make your paths straight.	- Proverbs 3:6 

It is done unto you as you believe.	- Matthew 9:29

And I am sure that he who began a good work in you will complete it. - Philippians 1:6

I will never fail you or forsake you. - Hebrews 13:5

A merry heart is good medicine, but a crushed spirit dries up the bones. - Proverbs 17:22                    

Wait for the Lord; be strong and take heart and wait for the Lord.	- Psalms 27:14
  
Seek first his kingdom and righteousness and all these things will be given to you. - Matthew 6:33

What you decide on will be done, and light will shine on your ways. - Job 22:28

If you can believe, all things are possible to him who believes. - Mark 9:23

For in Him we live, and move and have our being. - Acts 17:28

So do not fear, for I am with you; do not be dismayed, for I am your God. - Isaiah 41:10

Wisdom is a fountain of life to him who has it.	- Proverbs 16:22

He will fill your mouth with laughter and your lips with shouts of joy.	- Job 8:21

Follow the way of love.	- I Corinthians 14:1

The Lord will guide you always, he will satisfy your needs in a sun-scorched land.  You will be like a spring whose waters never fail.	  - Isaiah 58:11

May the Lord continually bless you with heaven's blessings as well as with  human joys.	- Psalms 128:5

With God all things are possible. - Matthew 19:26

Behold, I make all things new. - Revelation 21:5

Glorious and majestic are his deeds and his righteousness endures forever.  He has caused his wonderful works to be remembered. - Psalms 111:3-4

The Lord is good. His love endures forever, his faithfulness continues through all generations. - Psalms 100:5

Let the name of the Lord be praised both now and forevermore. - Psalms 113:3

I delight to do thy will, O Lord, for I know Thy will for me is supreme good in my present and in my future.  - Psalms 40:8

When he rose up from prayer, and was come to his disciples, he found them sleeping for sorrow. (Luke 22:45)

When you spread out your hands in prayer, I will hide my eyes from you; even if you offer many prayers, I will not listen; your hands are full of blood. (Isaiah 1:15)

The Lord foils the plans of the nations; he thwarts the purposes of the peoples. But the plans of the Lord stand firm forever, the purposes of his heart through all generations.
--Psalm 33:10,11

Finally, brethren, whatever things are true, whatever things are noble, whatever things are just, whatever things are pure, whatever things are lovely, whatever things are of good report, if there is any virtue and if there is anything praiseworthy, meditate on these things.
--Philippians 4:8

The Lord is close to all who call on him, yes, to all who call on Him sincerely.
--Psalm 145:18

Do not store up for yourselves treasures on earth, where moth and rust destroy, and where thieves break in and steal. But store up for yourselves treasures in heaven, where moth and rust do not destroy, and where thieves do not break in and steal. For where your treasure is, there your heart will be also.
--Matthew 6:19-21

Be careful for nothing, but in every thing, by prayer and supplication, with thanksgiving, let your requests be made known unto God. (Philippians 4:6)

Therefore, I tell you, her many sins have been forgiven - for she loved much. But he who has been forgiven little loves little.
--Luke 7:47

Do not be misled: God is one not to be mocked. For whatever a man is sowing, this he will also reap. Galatians 6:7
					
Verily, verily I say unto you, He that heareth my word, and believeth on him that sent me, hath everlasting life, and shall not come into condemnation; but is passed from death unto life. John 5:24

Now faith is the assurance of things hoped for, the conviction of things not seen. (Hebrews 11:1)

Without faith it is impossible to please Him, for he who comes to God must believe that He is, and that He is a rewarder of those who seek Him. (Hebrews 11: 6)

My soul wait in silence for God only, For my hope is from Him. He only is my rock and my salvation, My stronghold; I shall not be shaken. On God my salvation and my glory rest; The rock of my strength, my refuge is in God. Trust in Him at all times, O people; Pour out your heart before Him; God is a refuge for us. (Psalms 62:5-8)

Rejoice always; pray without ceasing; in everything give thanks; for this is God' will for you in Christ Jesus. (1 Thessalonians 5:16-18)

No one can serve two masters; for either he will hate the one and love the other, or he will hold to one and despise the other. You cannot serve God and mammon. (Matthew 6:24)

He who trusts in his riches will fall, But the righteous will flourish like the green leaf. (Proverbs 11:28)

Be anxious for nothing, but in everything by prayer and supplication with thanksgiving let your requests be made known to God. (Philippians 4:6)

Do not fear, for I am with you; Do not anxiously look about you, for I am your God. I will strengthen you, surely I will help you, Surely I will uphold you with My righteous right hand. (Isaiah 41: 10)

Do not be wise in your own eyes; Fear the Lord and turn away from evil. It will be healing to your body, And refreshment to your bones. (Proverbs 3:7-8)

The fear of the Lord is the beginning of wisdom, And the knowledge of the Holy One is understanding. (Proverbs 9:10)

The reward of humility and the fear of the Lord are riches, honor and life. (Proverbs 22:4)

Let no one say when he is tempted, "I am being tempted by God"; for God cannot be tempted by evil, and He Himself does not temp anyone. But each one is tempted when he is carried away and enticed by his own lust. Then when lust has conceived, it gives birth to sin; and when sin is accomplished, it brings forth death. (James 1:13-15)

No temptation has overtaken you but such as is common to man; and God is faithful, who will not allow you to be tempted beyond what you are able, but with the temptation will provide the way of escape also, that you may be able to endure it. (1 Corinthians 10:13)

As obedient children, do not be conformed to the former lusts which were yours in your ignorance, but like the Holy One who called you, be holy yourselves also in all your behavior; because it is written, "You shall be holy, for I am holy." (1 Peter 1:14-16)

Or do you not know that your body is a temple of the Holy Spirit who is in you, whom you have from God, and that you are not your own? For you have been bought with a price: therefore glorify God in your body. (1 Corinthians 6:19-20)

All things are lawful for me, but not all things are profitable. All things are lawful for me, but I will not be mastered by anything. (1 Corinthians 6:12)

For all who exalt themselves will be humbled, but all who humble themselves will be exalted - Luke: 18:14

Talk no more so proudly, let not arrogance come from your mouth; for the Lord is a God of knowledge, and by him actions are weighed - 1 Samuel 2:3 (RSV)

Whoever wishes to be great among you must be your servant, and whoever wishes to be first among you must be your servant - Matthew 20:26 (RSV)

For where two or three are gathered in my name, there am in the midst of them - Matthew 18:20 (RSV)