<HTML><PRE><FONT  COLOR="#008040" SIZE=3>Signs that TECHNOLOGY has taken over your life.</FONT><FONT  COLOR="#000000" SIZE=3>

1.)  Your stationary is more cluttered than Warren Beatty's address book. The letterhead lists a fax number, e-mail addresses for two on-line services and your Internet address, which spread across the breadth of the letterhead and continues to the back. In essence, you have conceded the the first page of any letter "is" the letterhead.

2.)   You have never sat through an entire movie without having at least one device on your body beep or buzz.

3.)   You need to fill out a form that must be typewritten, but you can't because there isn't one typewriter in your house.... only computers with laser printers.

4.)   You think of the gadgets in your office as friends, but you forget to send your father a birthday card.

5.)   You disdain people who use low baud rates.

6.)   When you go into a computer store you eavesdrop on a salesperson talking with customers.... and you butt in to correct him and spend the next twnety minutes answering the customers questions, while the salesperson stands by silently nodding his head.

7.)   You use the phrase "digital compression" in a converstaion without thinking how strange your mouth feels when you say it.

8.)   You constantly find yourself in groups of people to whom you say "digital compression". Everyone understands what you mean, and you are not surprised or disappointed that you don't have to explain it.

9.)   You know Bill Gates e-mail address, but you have to look up your own social security number.

10.)  You stopped saying "phone number" and replaced it with "voice number", since we all know the majority of phone lines in any house are plugged into contraptions that talk to other contraptions.

11.)  You sign all of your Christmas cards by putting " : ) " next to your signature.

12.)  Off the top of your head you can think of nineteen keystroke symbols that are far more clever than " : ) ".

13.)  You back up your data every day.

14.)  Your wife asks you to pick up some minipads for her at the store and you return with a rest for your mouse.

15.)  You think jokes about being unable to program a VCR are stupid.

16.)  On vacation, you are reading a computer manual and turning the pages faster than everyone else who is reading John Grisham novels.

17.) The thought that a CD could refer to finance or music rarely enters your mind.

18.)  You are able to argue persuasively that Ross Perot's phrase "electronic town hall"  amkes more sense than the term "information superhighway", but you don't because, after all, the man still uses hand drawn pie charts.

19.)  You go to coputer trade shows and map out your path of the exhibit hall in advance. But you cannot give someone directions to your house without looking up the street names.

20.)  You would rather get more "dots-per-inch"  than "miles-per-gallon".

21.)  You become upset when a person calls you on the phone to sell you something, but when you think it's okay for a computer to call and demand that you start pushing buttons on your telephone to receive more information about the product it is selling.

22.)  You know without a doubt that disks come in 5-1/4" and 3-1/2" sizes.

23.)  Al Gore strikes you as an "intriguing" fellow.

24.)  You own a set of mini screwdrivers and you actually know where they are.

25.)  While contemporaries swap stories about their recent hernia surgeries, you compare mouse-induced index-finger strain with a nine-year-old.

26.)  You are so knowledgeable about technology that you feel secure enough to say "I don't know" when someone asks you a technology question instead of feeling compelled to make something up.

27.)  You rotate your screen savers more often than your tires on your car.<FONT  COLOR="#000000" SIZE=3>

28.)  You have a functioning home copier machine, but every toaster you own turns bread into charcoal.

29.)  You have ended friendships because of irreconcilably different opinions about which is better... the track "ball" or the track "pad".

30.)  You understand all of the jokes in this message. If so, my friend technology has taken over your life. We suggest, for your oiwn good, that you go lie under a tree and write a haiku. And don't use a laptop.

31.) You e-mail this message to your friends over the net. You'd never get around to showing it to them in person or reading it to them on the phone. In fact, you have probably never met most of these people face-to-face.

32. ) Your firends only know you by your internet address or user name and don't know you by your real name.
</PRE></HTML>
