Programs That I Have WrittenHere is a list of the software I have written for work, shareware or personal enjoyment.FamilyTrax: A year and a half in the making because I wrote two versions. FamilyTrax is a program designed to facilitate the easy tracking of family and friends. A fun Windows program for organizing names, addresses, phone numbers, birthdays and anniversaries. With the information entered, you'll be able to dial phone numbers, be reminded of upcoming occasions, print address labels, envelopes, all information entered and form letters. FamilyTrax also includes a simple soft help feature. By clicking over almost any button or control with your other mouse button, it displays a small window with detailed information.Also included with FamilyTrax are three external programs: Quickie Dialer, Reminder and Quick Note. The Quickie Dialer is an independent phone dialing program for quick access to your phone numbers. The Reminder program can be set to boot when you start Windows and remind you of events noted in FamilyTrax. Quick Note is a simple word processor for creating form letters. You can easily type one letter and print it out to any number of people entered into FamilyTrax.Art and Music Impressionism(Macintosh): An educational program that teaches about Impressionistic preiod in art and music. The program can be set-up to ask questions during the duration of the presentation and talley up the scores at the end.Corperate Screen Saver for SVE: A screen saver that does fun visual effects with the corperate logo.Bubbles Screen Saver: A fun and relaxing screen saver showing colorful bubbles gently floating around your screen and popping. Bubbles can be configured for amount of bubbles and how fast they pop.Holidays Screen Saver: A screen saver that displays a snowy winter day.Grab It: A screen capture utility that captures your entire screen and saves it to your hard drive as a BMP.Book on a Disk: A program for kids to encourge reading a strory on the computer. Designed in a way that will allowfor a book containing up to 45 pages of pictures and text to will fit on one floppy inside a single executable. Randomizes between 12 different transitions when flipping from page to page.Animation Tester: This is a program to play and test animations before they are added to any current software project.